Talking sister
Why not?
Are you in charge?
You lied to me, do you know how worried I am about you?
You still love me, right?
Stop pushing me away
Divorce can't be delayed any longer
Hey, what's wrong with Brother Xiaoyu?
Ask us
Didn't you say before that you were going to go through the divorce procedures?
Do you think you are free today?
Let's talk about this in person
I have an interview today
Ends at 6pm
I will wait for you at the coffee shop in Jiang Da Ximen.
OK
Good idea.
Why are you here so early?
Today is the celebration of Jiangda University
Let's go for a walk together
This is breakfast for you and your aunt
The appointment with Brother Xiao Yi is 6 pm
It should be in time. Okay.
Then I'll ask Xiaodi to come with me
Xiao Di, I want to take care of you
Today is our 20th century
Come on.
Let's go on our secret mission
Hmm go